86 improve readme (#89)
RevolveNTNU/RosNet: README.md

<div class="row">
  <div class="column">

  </div>
  <div class="column">

  </div>
</div>
<p float="left">
    <a href="https://revolve.no/"><img align=left src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevolveNTNU/RosNet/86-improve-readme/.github/main/revolve.svg" width="30%" height="100"/></a>
    <a href="https://ros.org/"><img align=right margin src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RevolveNTNU/RosNet/86-improve-readme/.github/main/ros.png" height="100"/></a>
</p>

> <br>

Reviewer: One `<br>` should be enough?

Author: The badges and title will come inbetween the pictures if not

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

[![Build, run tests and generate report](https://github.com/RevolveNTNU/RosNet/actions/workflows/build_and_test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RevolveNTNU/RosNet/actions/workflows/build_and_test.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/RevolveNTNU/RosNet/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/RevolveNTNU/RosNet?branch=master)
# RosNet
## What is RosNet?
RosNet is a .NET library for deserializing rosbags version 2.0 to C#-objects.

## How to use the library:
For full API documentation go to: https://revolventnu.github.io/RosNet/
<!-- User documentation-->
To use RosNet in a C#-based application: Install RosNet as a NuGet Package

### Using statement
```C#
using RosNet.DataModel;
```
### Convert a ROSBag to a C# object
```C#
var rosBag = new RosBag(path);
rosBag.Read();
```
### Obtain possible ROS topics and fields in the topics
```C#
Dictionary<string, List<string>> fieldNamesByTopic = rosBag.GetConnectionFields();
```

### Obtain list of tuples with timestamp and fieldvalue
```C#
List<(Time, FieldValue)> timeSeries = rosBag.GetTimeSeries(topic, fieldName);
```

### FieldValue

> FieldValue is a custom data type with a 
> 
> - string name -  name of the field
> - PrimitiveType DataType -  datatype of the value. PrimitiveType is an Enum with possible values: Bool, Int8, Uint8, Int16, Unit16, Int32, Uint32, Int64, Uint64, Float32, Float64, String, Time, Duration, Byte, Char and Array. The datatypes correspond to the [standard datatypes](https://wiki.ros.org/msg) in ROS messages and Array used for arrays of values.
> - byte[] Value - is the value of the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will primarily interact with `FieldValue` which has the following fields

- `string Name` -  name of the field
- `PrimitiveType DataType` -  datatype of the value. PrimitiveType is an Enum with possible values: Bool, Int8, Uint8, Int16, Unit16, Int32, Uint32, Int64, Uint64, Float32, Float64, String, Time, Duration, Byte, Char and Array. The datatypes correspond to the [standard datatypes](https://wiki.ros.org/msg) in ROS messages and Array used for arrays of values.
- `byte[] Value` - is the value of the field
```

Calling it a "custom data type" is not necessary, and could rather be a tiny bit confusing with current development of e.g. data classes in Python, (usually called records in C# lingo though)
